Do you know who is this? Shri Senha. What is this? The Zokkin Grand Master, Garab Dorjus, foremost
disciple is known as Magishri Matars. Have you all know that?
And Magishri's foremost disciple is Shri Senha. So this is Shri Senha.
And his teaching that of course give many teachings, teachings, doki teachings, teachings, and
particularly doki teachings, also in mind section, space section, and bit and zokkin section, these
master give lot of detail and clarification of the bit, mouth section of the doki teachings.
So, this great master is a root teacher of the Gaurabha Manasambhava, and as well as great master,
Ramana Matara too.
So, he is one of the very famous teaching is known as Seven Nails. N-A-I-F. That's seven nails.
So, these are the seven nails, commentary and with my Kriti Partition with you. And as I always
said, I had great opportunity blessed by him and Magishri Master.
So, I always able to join with him as like under his wings. So, also I joined too. But this is
really commentary teachings on that seven nails.
And he's been walking, I mean he give this teaching maybe ten, fifteen years ago? Maybe.
Two thousand one.
Two thousand one. So, seventy years. Seventy years ago, he is been in a city like everywhere, kind
of like this, this, that, that, in a kind of like...
So, then, now planning to come. And I think to everyone who walked and helped us to bring this out.
Maybe Kirby walked very hard, and James Fox also walked on this, and then Kirby really taken under
top of this, he walked on hard.
And then as well as the Lama Thapa, and Laya, and many others.
For the city, for the city out of this city. That's true, really, I've been working. So, this
really came out, and it's seven nails.
And to thank everyone, I made this offer to all the lineage masters, everyone.
(speaking in foreign language)
Thank you very much everyone.